---
description: >-
  This page shows the error messages generated in different situations where
  there are errors in the installation and configuration of the SlapFive
  Salesforce App v 4.0 and earlier.
---

# Troubleshooting

{% hint style="info" %}
NOTE: The SlapFive components embedded in the Salesforce App require all Salesforce users to have Third Party Cookies enabled in their browser. This is the default for all browsers except Safari.
{% endhint %}



<table><thead><tr><th width="315">Error Message or Condition</th><th>Cause and Resolution</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"SlapFive API authenticating failed. Please contact your administrator." error appears within a SlapFive custom UI component.</td><td><p>In <a href="../slapfive-advanced-app/2.-create-a-named-credential/">Named Credential</a>, check that you copied your correct SlapFiveAPI Key into the <strong>API Key</strong> field and that the <strong>API Base URL</strong> field contains https://<em>your_company_name</em>.slapfive.com.</p><p>In <a href="../slapfive-advanced-app/3.-configure-custom-settings.md">Custom Settings</a>, make sure the <strong>Named Credential Type Legacy</strong> field is checked.  </p></td></tr><tr><td>"Something went wrong." error appears within a SlapFive custom UI component.</td><td>In the SlapFive Custom Settings the <strong>API Base URL</strong> is blank or incorrect. See the <a href="../slapfive-advanced-app/3.-configure-custom-settings.md">Configure Custom Settings</a> section and check that the <strong>API Base URL</strong> field contains https://<em>your_company_name</em>.slapfive.com.</td></tr><tr><td>Salesforce user sees the SlapFive login screen when trying to view a SlapFive Salesforce App component.</td><td>The Profile of the User doesn't have access to the <strong>SlapFive Connected App</strong>. See the <a href="../slapfive-advanced-app/4.-assign-permissions.md">Assign Permissions</a> section and add the affected users to the <strong>SlapFive App Permission Sets</strong>.</td></tr><tr><td>Unauthorized endpoint, please check Setup->Security->Remote site settings. endpoint = …. </td><td>In the <strong>Remote Site Settings</strong> for SlapFive API, the <strong>Remote Site URL</strong> is blank or incorrect. See the <a href="/broken/pages/khnP7TQwJU8h9MLohIGF">Create a Remote Site</a> section and check that the <strong>Remote Site URL</strong> field contains https://<em>your_company_name</em>.slapfive.com.</td></tr><tr><td>There is no board data with the matching field(s).</td><td>The API returns no records with matching field data. Make sure you have Boards defined in SlapFive that contain Companies with valid Matching Field data.</td></tr><tr><td>No SlapFive Boards appear in the Boards embedded list or when you click the View Case Studies button.</td><td>API returns no records when getting All data or searching with keyword. Make sure you have Boards defined in SlapFive with a Custom Field called <strong>Show in Salesforce</strong>, with a value of "Yes" or "yes".</td></tr><tr><td>"Insufficient Privileges" error when user accesses a page with the SlapFive UI component.</td><td>The Profile of the User doesn't have access to the <strong>SlapFive Connected App</strong>. See the <a href="../slapfive-advanced-app/4.-assign-permissions.md">Assign Permissions</a> section and add the affected users to the <strong>SlapFive App Permission Sets</strong>.</td></tr><tr><td>"SlapFive container does not support for this type of record page." error when adding a SlapFive App component to a page layout.</td><td>You are attempting to put a SlapFive Salesforce App component on a page layout that is not supported. Components can be added to the Opportunity, Account and Contact page layouts.</td></tr><tr><td>"Single Sign-On Error. Error: Unable to resolve a request into a Service Provider." error when viewing SlapFive App components.</td><td>The <strong>Entity ID</strong> field on the SlapFive Connected App in Salesforce Setup is incorrect. See the <a href="/broken/pages/wSxayp1VCAamFn3cKOv1">Create Connected App</a> section and check that the <strong>Entity ID</strong> field contains <em>urn:auth0:slapfive:your_instance_name</em> </td></tr><tr><td>"Connection failed. Action failed due to server error." error when connecting to Salesforce from your SlapFive Settings.</td><td>Workato is blocked in Salesforce. Go to <strong>Setup > Connected Apps OAuth Usage</strong> and unblock Workato.</td></tr><tr><td>A Salesforce user cannot access the SlapFive Revenue Influence Dashboard and/or reports.</td><td>Find the Dashboard Folder for SlapFive, and share the folder with the users who need access. Find the Report Folder for SlapFive reports, and share the folder with the users who need access.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Errors specific to older versions

<table><thead><tr><th width="317">Error Message or Condition</th><th>Cause and Resolution</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"SlapFive API authenticating failed. Please contact your administrator." error appears within a SlapFive custom UI component.</td><td>In the SlapFive Custom Settings (version 3 and earlier) or in Named Credential (version 3.4 or later), the <strong>API Base URL</strong> or <strong>API Key</strong> is not correct.</td></tr><tr><td>Matching field(s) is not configured.</td><td>Missing <strong>Custom Metadata Type</strong> configuration for SlapFive API matching fields.</td></tr><tr><td>One of Account fields in mapping field configuration does not exist. </td><td>Using incorrect Account field name in matching field configuration.</td></tr><tr><td>No record is found with the target Id.</td><td>Target Account Id or Opportunity Id does not exist.</td></tr></tbody></table>
