---
description: >-
  These are the improvements that have been made in each version of the SlapFive
  Salesforce App.
---

# Version History

[See what version you currently have installed.](what-version-am-i-on.md)

<table><thead><tr><th width="150">Version &#x26; Date</th><th>What's New?</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>SlapFive Advanced 4.10<br>October 19, 2025</td><td>Minor fixes to version 4.5.</td></tr><tr><td>SlapFive Advanced 4.5<br>September 17, 2025</td><td>Allows you to show the Request Reference button in the custom UI component even when the View Companies, View Contacts, View Stories, and View Boards lists are disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>SlapFive Advanced 4.4<br>August 1, 2025</td><td>Enables the synchronization of SlapFive Company, Member, Story and Board data with a local cache in Salesforce to improve performance of the custom UI component lists.</td></tr><tr><td><p>SlapFive Advanced 4.0</p><p>June 1, 2025</p></td><td>Replaces the SlapFive Embedded UI components with native Salesforce components so that Salesforce users don't need to be authenticated to SlapFive. Replaces the two custom rollup fields with number fields that don't count towards the rollup field limits.</td></tr><tr><td>4.0 - August 29, 2024</td><td>When a Salesforce user is creating a reference request, that user can now see and select from lists of recommended Companies and Members. The recommendations match up to 5 fields from the Opportunity and Account records to corresponding fields of your choice on the SlapFive Company records. See more details in <a href="recommend-the-best-reference-customers-for-a-request.md">Recommend the best reference customers for a Request</a>.</td></tr><tr><td>3.9 - January 25, 2024</td><td>Adds new checkboxes to the Custom Settings to control the Custom Case Study and References component, giving you the ability to hide the Copy Board URL button and remove the hyperlink from Board Names so that Sales users can't share Boards without using the Share button.<br>Changes so that the SlapFive App components are all hidden for users who don't have permission to access them.</td></tr><tr><td>3.8 - November 1, 2023</td><td>Adds the option for you to use the Salesforce new Named Credential rather than the Legacy Named Credential.</td></tr><tr><td>3.7 - April 21, 2023</td><td>Changes to Opportunity Custom Field SlapFive Influence so Influence is based on Influence Score instead of Influence Count. </td></tr><tr><td>3.5 - March 8, 2023</td><td>Changes to eliminate the need for Salesforce users to have "View Setup and Configuration" access on their Profile.</td></tr><tr><td>3.4 - September 26, 2022</td><td>Changes to comply with Salesforce AppExchange Listing Requirements.</td></tr><tr><td>3.1 - August 15, 2022</td><td>Fixes to support Salesforce Classic Interface.</td></tr><tr><td>3.0 - April 15, 2022</td><td>Revenue Influence Events, Scoring, Reports, and Dashboards</td></tr><tr><td>2.0 - December 13, 2021</td><td>The “View Case Studies” button will now retrieve content even when no Matching Fields are defined in Custom Settings.</td></tr><tr><td>2.8 - June 2, 2021</td><td>Check that the Salesforce user belongs to the SlapFive Permission Set, and if not, show a message in the SlapFive components “You do not have permission to access SlapFive.”</td></tr><tr><td>2.6 - May 11, 2021</td><td><p>- Add a Nominate Customer button to the SlapFive component and embedded lists. In Setup, you can turn the button on or off, and specify the URL to call when the button is clicked.</p><p>- Includes the Visualforce components for SlapFive embedded object lists for adding to the Account and Opportunity page layouts in Classic interface.</p><p>- Handle spaces and special characters in values contained in Matching Fields, such as “Food &#x26; Beverage” for the “Industry” field.</p></td></tr><tr><td>2.5 - April 12, 2021</td><td>When Salesforce user clicks the Share button on the embedded list of SlapFive Boards or Stories on an Opportunity record, show the Contact Roles for the Opportunity in the drop-down list of Recipients, and capture the Opportunity ID for influence reporting.</td></tr><tr><td>2.2 - March 30, 2021</td><td><p>- On the Request Reference screen, capture the Opportunity ID for influence reporting.</p><p>- Add the Request Reference button to the top of the SlapFive embedded object lists.</p></td></tr><tr><td>2.1 - March 13, 2021</td><td>Add SlapFive embedded list for Companies, Boards and Stories to any Salesforce object page layout.</td></tr><tr><td>1.7 - September 3, 2020</td><td>In Setup, you can specify whether to show or hide the View Case Studies and Request Reference buttons, and the Search field on the SlapFive component.</td></tr><tr><td>1.0 - June 8, 2020</td><td>First release that includes the SlapFive component, which contains the View Case Studies button, the Request References button, and Search box. In Setup, you can specify Account Matching Fields to recommend the most relevant Boards to the Salesforce user.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

