---
description: >-
  This page shows the error messages generated in different situations where
  there are errors in the installation and configuration of the SlapFive
  Advanced Salesforce App v4.1 and higher.
---

# Troubleshooting

{% hint style="info" %}
NOTE: The SlapFive components embedded in the Salesforce App require all Salesforce users to have Third Party Cookies enabled in their browser. This is the default for all browsers except Safari.
{% endhint %}



<table><thead><tr><th width="315">Error Message or Condition</th><th>Cause and Resolution</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Salesforce User sees a blank window when clicking the Request References button.</td><td>The user needs to be running the SlapFive Advanced App. To verify this, go to the App Launcher (9 dot menu), select the SlapFive Advanced app, and retry the Request References button.</td></tr><tr><td>"Error retrieving client data: SlapFive API authenticating failed. Please contact your administrator." when viewing the custom UI component.</td><td><p>In <a href="../2.-create-a-named-credential/">Named Credential</a>, check that you copied your correct SlapFiveAPI Key into the <strong>API Key</strong> field and that the <strong>API Base URL</strong> field contains https://<em>your_company_name</em>.slapfive.com.</p><p>In <a href="../3.-configure-custom-settings.md">Custom Settings</a>, make sure the <strong>Named Credential Type Legacy</strong> field is checked.  </p></td></tr><tr><td>"Something went wrong." error appears within a SlapFive custom UI component.</td><td>In the SlapFive Custom Settings the <strong>API Base URL</strong> is blank or incorrect. See the <a href="../3.-configure-custom-settings.md">Configure Custom Settings</a> section and check that the <strong>API Base URL</strong> field contains https://<em>your_company_name</em>.slapfive.com.</td></tr><tr><td>During Data Sync: "Unexpected character..."</td><td>In Custom Metadata Types, makes sure the Embedded URL contains a valid API string for the SlapFive object in question, starting with /api/api/...</td></tr><tr><td>During Data Sync, you get records that should be filtered out based on your filter criteria for the Role=Salesfore</td><td>Go to SlapFive Admin tab > Sync Management, and click the Clear All Data button. Then sync the object in question. This is necessary because the data syncs do not delete records, they only update them, so if you tighten your filter criteria, you need to clear them all and then sync again to only bring the filtered data.</td></tr><tr><td>During Data Sync: "Script-thrown exception"</td><td>This means the API call returned an error, so make sure the Named Credential has the correct SlapFive API Key and the URL field has the base URL of your SlapFive instance, which is https://your_company_name.slapfive.com.</td></tr><tr><td>During Data Sync: "Unable to tunnel through proxy. Proxy returns "HTTP/1.1 500 Internal Server Error"</td><td>In Named Credential, in the URL field, make sure you enter the base URL of your SlapFive instance, which is https://your_company_name.slapfive.com.</td></tr><tr><td>During Data Sync: "Permission" error.</td><td>Make sure the User that is executing the data sync has object-level READ/CREATE/EDIT/DELETE permissions to these objects: SlapFive Company, SlapFive Contact, SlapFive Board, SlapFive Story, SlapFive Sync History.</td></tr><tr><td>No SlapFive Boards appear in the View Boards list and/or no SlapFive Stories appear in the View Stories list.</td><td>API returns no records when getting All data or searching with keyword. Make sure you have Boards defined in SlapFive with a dynamic field called <strong>Show in Salesforce</strong>, with a value of "Yes" or "yes".</td></tr><tr><td>"SlapFive container does not support for this type of record page." error when adding a SlapFive App component to a page layout.</td><td>You are attempting to put a SlapFive Salesforce App component on a page layout that is not supported. The custom UI component can be added to the Opportunity, Account and Contact page layouts.</td></tr><tr><td>When connecting to Salesforce from SlapFive Client Settings, get "Connection failed. Cannot set properties of null (setting 'authorization status')" error.</td><td>The Workato Connected App is blocked in Salesforce. Go to <strong>Setup > Connected Apps OAuth Usage</strong> and unblock Workato. </td></tr><tr><td>When connecting to Salesforce from SlapFive Client Settings, get "Connection failed. Action failed due to server error" error.</td><td>The Workato Connected App is blocked in Salesforce. Go to <strong>Setup > Connected Apps OAuth Usage</strong> and unblock Workato. </td></tr><tr><td>A Salesforce user cannot access the SlapFive Revenue Influence Dashboard and/or reports.</td><td>Find the Dashboard Folder for SlapFive, and share the folder with the users who need access. Find the Report Folder for SlapFive reports, and share the folder with the users who need access.</td></tr><tr><td>You change a Label in Custom Metadata Type "SlapFive Labels" but other users still see the old label.</td><td>Make sure that the Profiles of all users that need to see the component with the new label have object permissions to the Custom Metadata Type "SlapFive Labels".</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Errors specific to older versions

<table><thead><tr><th width="317">Error Message or Condition</th><th>Cause and Resolution</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"SlapFive API authenticating failed. Please contact your administrator." error appears within a SlapFive custom UI component.</td><td>In the SlapFive Custom Settings (version 3 and earlier) or in Named Credential (version 3.4 or later), the <strong>API Base URL</strong> or <strong>API Key</strong> is not correct.</td></tr><tr><td>Matching field(s) is not configured.</td><td>Missing <strong>Custom Metadata Type</strong> configuration for SlapFive API matching fields.</td></tr><tr><td>One of Account fields in mapping field configuration does not exist. </td><td>Using incorrect Account field name in matching field configuration.</td></tr><tr><td>No record is found with the target Id.</td><td>Target Account Id or Opportunity Id does not exist.</td></tr></tbody></table>
